Use built-in alertmanager config if no fallback config is provided (#3541)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Querier: Introduce `-querier.max-partial-query-length` to limit the time range for partial queries at the querier level and deprecate `-store.max-query-length`. #3825
* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: Remove experimental `-blocks-storage.bucket-store.max-concurrent-reject-over-limit` flag. #3706
* [CHANGE] Ingester: If shipping is enabled block retention will now be relative to the upload time to cloud storage. If shipping is disabled block retention will be relative to the creation time of the block instead of the mintime of the last block created. #3816

> * [CHANGE] Alertmanager: added default configuration so that `-alertmanager.configs.fallback` is not explicitly needed anymore if no config is provided for a tenant. #2772

Reviewer: [nit] This didn't read cleanly to me, tried to make it a bit clearer

```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Alertmanager: added default configuration for `-alertmanager.configs.fallback`. Allows tenants to send alerts without first uploading an Alertmanager configuration. #2772
```

* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: Remove experimental `-blocks-storage.bucket-store.max-concurrent-reject-over-limit` flag. #3706
* [CHANGE] Ingester: If shipping is enabled block retention will now be relative to the upload time to cloud storage. If shipping is disabled block retention will be relative to the creation time of the block instead of the mintime of the last block created. #3816
* [CHANGE] Query-frontend: Deprecated CLI flag `-query-frontend.align-querier-with-step` has been removed. #3982

> * [CHANGE] Alertmanager: added default configuration for `-alertmanager.configs.fallback`. Allows tenants to send alerts without first uploading an Alertmanager configuration. #2772

Reviewer 2: We're used to link the PR number. Can you open a follow up PR to change `#2772` to `#3541`, please?

* [CHANGE] Distributor: Wrap errors from pushing to ingesters with useful context, for example clarifying timeouts. #3307
* [CHANGE] The default value of `-server.http-write-timeout` has changed from 30s to 2m. #3346
* [CHANGE] Reduce period of health checks in connection pools for querier->store-gateway, ruler->ruler, and alertmanager->alertmanager clients to 10s. This reduces the time to fail a gRPC call when the remote stops responding. #3168

> * [CHANGE] Alertmanager: added default configuration so that `-alertmanager.configs.fallback` is not explicitly needed anymore if no config is provided for a tenant. #2772

Author: Changed 👍
